Jin Gao: I am confident that we all put together. We can complete the product ahead of deadline.
Jin Gao: So let's keep up the great work.
Jin Gao: Oh, it's crucial that we meet the product deadline every moment counts. So lights prioritize efficiency.
Jin Gao: Oh, just a head up. We gotta wrap this product up by the due date. So let's get it done, and have some fun along the way.
Jin Gao: It is imperative that we adhere to the stipulated timeline for the completion of this project. Your diligent attention to the deadline is greatly appreciated
Jin Gao: with the progress we are making. I'm sure that we'll finish the product way before the deadline.
Jin Gao: Keep up with the fantastic effort.
Jin Gao: or considering our current pace, are we sure that we can finish the product by the deadline?
Jin Gao: We might need to reassess our strategy
Jin Gao: finish the product by the deadline. No exceptions.